Contact
(408)390-1527 (Mobile)
vikashrungta@gmail.com

www.linkedin.com/in/vrungta
(LinkedIn)

Top Skills
Teaching
Responsible AI
AI Safety

Vikash Rungta

Product - Meta Superintelligence Labs, Teach GenAI @Stanford
Continuing Studies
San Jose, California, United States

Experience
Meta
7 years

Lead Product Manager, Meta Superintelligence Labs

Languages

2024 - Present (2 years)
San Francisco Bay Area

English (Native or Bilingual)

Leading at the intersection of GenAI innovation and Agentic autonomy at the

Hindi (Native or Bilingual)

Honors-Awards
Teamwork Across Cisco (Award)
YouRock Award

Meta Superintelligence Lab (MSL). As the Product Manager for Llama Safety
and Human Alignment, I bridge the gap between frontier model capabilities—
from Llama 2 to Llama 4—and the human-centric guardrails that make them
deployable.
My work focuses on scaling Trust & Safety through rigorous AI Red Teaming
and the development of sophisticated Evaluation (Eval) frameworks. I
specialize in aligning model behavior using RLHF and Supervised Fine-Tuning
(SFT) to enable advanced Chain of Thought (CoT) reasoning and the secure
deployment of Autonomous Agents. By architecting multi-layer Guardrails and
robust Governance standards, I ensure that Llama remains the most trusted
backbone for enterprise On-prem and cloud-native AI systems.
I also conceptualized and teach "Generative AI Bootcamp for PMs" &
"Building AI for PMs" for Meta Product Managers, this is to prepare all PMs at
Meta to be build using AI & GenAI technology.

Lead Product Manager

October 2023 - 2024 (1 year)
San Francisco Bay Area
Building WhatsApp "AI for Business"

Head of Product

2021 - 2024 (3 years)
Menlo Park, California, United States
Responsible & Private AI: Product Management Leader for large 0 to 1 space
with privacy & fairness at the center of it.

Page 1 of 6

Ensuring Generative AI models for monetization are Responsible, Safe &
Private. This includes working with various GenAI models, e.g. Text (like
LLAMA series) and other Multi-modal architectures and making them safe,
using red-teaming and various other modeling / product interventions.
Enabling ads to be more private, personalized & Fair using Privacy Enhancing
Technologies (PETs) and ethical AI (Responsible AI) technology. Using
technology & algorithms to solve societal & ethical issues. Re-imagining what
it would look like to build ads product for Housing, Employment & Credit /
Banking sector with product equity & diversity at the heart.
Working closely with Researchers, Regulators, Lawyers, Data scientist to solve
this very important societal issue.

Product Lead

2019 - 2021 (2 years)
San Francisco Bay Area
Building "Real World Identities" to help bring the world closer together.
Products that I lead:
1. Real world friend graph - Determine how are people connected to each
other in the real world
2. People to Device graph - What devices you are using for Facebook,
Messenger, Instagram & WhatsApp
3. New Device Experiences - Enhancing the users experience when using
Facebook, Messenger & Instagram apps on a new device
4. Real World Identity - Connect people digital identity with their real world
identity
Building products with privacy, machine learning, frontend & backend
technologies to enable growth & business impact.

Stanford Continuing Studies
Instructor - Generative AI for Product Managers
2024 - Present (2 years)
Stanford, California, United States

Teaching the course "Generative AI for Product Managers". This course
provides a dive into the transformative potential of Generative AI within the
realm of product management. It's designed to equip product managers
and technologists with the knowledge to integrate advanced AI into product
strategy and execution.
Page 2 of 6

Register - https://continuingstudies.stanford.edu/courses/professional-andpersonal-development/generative-ai-for-product-managers/20233_BUS-25

Meta Facebook
Course Instructor - Generative AI Bootcamp For Product Manager
2022 - 2025 (3 years)
Menlo Park, California, United States

I multiple courses at Meta to upgrade the Product Managers to be AI/GenAI
Product Managers.
1. "1-week GenAI Bootcamp for Product Manager" - This is taken by 800+
Product Managers at Meta, it helps them upskill to build GenAI products.
2. "Foundation of AI" - A course for all the Meta product managers who wants
to build an AI product (as part of the PMx org)
3. "Product Management Interview Q&A" - A session held by Meta to help
product managers interviewing at Meta by learning about foundations of
product management interviewing. Includes, Interview process, Product
Sense, Execution, Leadership & Drive & Interview process. So far 7500 PM's
have taken this course.

Treasure Data
Group Product Manager

2019 - 2019 (less than a year)
San Francisco Bay Area
Customer Data Platforms (CDP) using big data and machine learning in the
fast growing Martech sector.

LawGro
Chief Product Officer

2016 - 2019 (3 years)
San Francisco Bay Area
Co-founded Lawgro. SAAS product that helps law firms manage & grow their
business.
Responsible for conceptualization, idea validation, product & Engineering.

Infinera
Lead Product Manager
2013 - 2019 (6 years)
San Francisco Bay Area

Automation & Artificial Inteligence (AI)
Product guy who carried various roles including Product strategy, product
marketing, product management & Architecture/engineering.
Page 3 of 6

Last responsibility - End to end Infinera Software (PM).
* Conceptualized, defined & developed vision of industry-leading network
automation solution deployed for cloud providers & ISP's – enabled a
significant reduction in total cost of ownership while improving reliability
* Developed & executed vision for Cognitive Network – A self-driving, selfhealing network;
* Identify, analyze competitive threats/opportunities to influence current sales &
future product strategy
* Define and analyze key metrics to inform decision-making and measure
success based on data
* Lead marketing to define & execute Go-To-Market (GTM) plan
* Engaged with Architecture & Engineering to develop scalable microservices
& AI based system

WorkZap
Chief Product Officer

2012 - 2013 (1 year)
San Francisco Bay Area
Product Lead for a Human Capital Management ( HCM) SAAS product for
Small Medium Business (SMB) - Helping Human Resource (HR) teams being
more efficient.
Led - Product Management, Engineering. Completed User research,
identifying target customer, pain points, identifying key KPI, Architecture, and
deployment.
Validated with 5 beta customers.

eLagaan
Co-Founder

2008 - 2012 (4 years)
* Created small team to develop Software As A Service (SAAS) application for
preparing individual tax returns in India (Think turbotax for India)
* Acquired 30K paying customers in 3 years, resulting in multimillion $ revenue

FPGA Central
Senior Director of Product Management
2007 - 2011 (4 years)
San Francisco Bay Area

* Conceptualized, defined & built an online community of FPGA design
engineers
Page 4 of 6

* Grew the online community to 45K members
* Organized multiple offline events across multiple geographies/countries
* Built with open source software that was deployed in the cloud
* Responsive design to enable use from mobile & tablet devices
* Used google analytics to analyze various success and usage metrics.
* Stack used: Linux, Apache (web server), MySQL, PHP & Python
* project management via the use of agile methodology (SCRUM like), user
stories etc.
* Heave usage of advanced Microsoft Excel for further data analysis,
evaluation of roadmap priority
* Conducted customer surveys to learn about user pain points and use case
analysis

Cisco Systems
ASIC Design Engineer

August 2001 - September 2009 (8 years 2 months)
San Francisco Bay Area
Joined as a part of Auroranetics, a startup acquired by Cisco
Delivered multiple products with scale for service provider and enterprise
customers.
* Design & developed multiple system boards, 10's of FPGA's , Multiple ASIC's
related high-speed datacom products
* Role included Concept, architecture, design, RTL, validation & reliability
testing

Auroranetics Inc.
Senior Engineer

2001 - 2001 (less than a year)
San Francisco Bay Area
High energy VC funded startup that got acquired by Cisco Systems in 2001.

Holontech Corporation
Senior Software Engineer
1999 - 2000 (1 year)
San Francisco Bay Area

A startup company building load balancing switches for cloud datacenter,
internet service providers and enterprise customers.
* System design & development of hardware accelerated load-balancer switch
for clusters of web servers deployed by data centres to handle a massive
amount of incoming web traffic
Page 5 of 6

* Written algorithms to scale the solution to support multi-zone cloud
infrastructure
* Debug of system using various analytical tools and hooks
* Worked with real time operating systems (RTOS) VxWorks
* Delivered industry-leading solution in terms of speed, flexibility, scale,
reliability & functionality
Holontech AKA CyberIQ Systems & CeeYes software

National Aerospace Labs
Researcher & Scientist

August 1997 - December 1998 (1 year 5 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
Development of India's flagship Parallel Supercomputer to support vast
amount of compute resources required by NAL. Involved in design of the
supercomputer & writing software that runs on top of them

Education
Stanford University
Certification , Electrical Engineering · (2002 - 2005)

University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School
Certification (Marketing - MBA Foundation), Marketing · (2014)

Bangalore University
Bachelor of Science (BS), Engineering · (1993 - 1997)

Page 6 of 6

