Vikash Stories 


Vikash Life Story
1. Who am I as an individual (demographics + family + hobby etc) 
2. What is unique about me & what do I enjoy
3. My professional background
4. My value
   1. Personal values
   2. Leadership values 
5. How I work 
6. Development areas 
7. Operating manual 
8. Summary
Tell me about a time when you were given (critical) feedback 
1. Story1: Asking for help during signals tenure
   1. Situation 
      1. I joined Meta as the PM within “people data platform”, to build real world friend graph. This would allow us to learn about people’s relationship in the real world - and help bring them to fb/ig/msgr. This drove >1% MAU for both FB & IG & 5% of all conversations within Messenger 
      2. This was a fairly large engg/xfn team consisting of 38 team members
      3. We needed to hire two more PM’s but hiring was taking longer. In the meantime I needed to manage the entire team without additional PM support. I was stretched thin. 
   2. Feedback
      1. The feedback that I received from my manager is I should have asked for help early
   3. Why
      1. My thinking was to continue to deliver with the limited PM support, but being stretched thin actually meant I did drop some balls or delivered some deliverables of them with lower quality
   4. Learning
      1. However what I should would have done is:
         1. Asked for help sooner
         2. Defined priority and communicated this new priority quickly to the team/leadership
   5. What I do now
      1.  I clearly define the work that I will be able to prioritize and get alignment on them from the team 
      2. I create processes to scale (better agenda, operating model definition etc) 
      3. This allowed me to hire the two PMs and ultimately get the team to a stable situation 
2. Other stories 
   1. Writing better
   2. Hiring - did not hire the SWE. Extreme ownership 


Big ambiguous problem 


1. Story1: PETS - Privacy ads using PETS - signal loss alternative
   1. People’s expectations around privacy are changing, we needed to change how data was used to build ad systems - something we called privacy-ads. I am the PM for this initiative.
   2. Situation
      1. Apple IOS 14 changes and Google cookie depreciation brought signal loss challenges to ads space. How to keep ads relevant while keeping it private. 
      2. While Meta was working on enhancing the current system to meet these needs, we realized that there has to be a fundamental shift thru which ads are delivered that is acceptable in the industry
      3. This required us to develop new technology, adapt an ad model and get that accepted in the industry
      4. This was a completely new way of building products, not just about user interface or customers or internal alignment anymore - it is about building a product that the users and the industry agrees on. Aligning people, vendors, standard bodies and regulators to define principles
   3. Why ambiguous 
      1. It required us to make a proposal that would be accepted by mobileOS & Browser vendors, regulators, competitors, advertisers & users. 
      2. We don’t really know who will align and on what principles, that means we don’t control our strategy
   4. Challenges
      1. Internally aligning on giving up control and our unique differentiation (so that we are accepted fair) 
      2. Defining a product team structure - XFN heavy vs engineering first 
      3. Managing media and people’s perception - anything we did would be considered our next big play 
      4. PETs is a complex technology not developed nor accepted by the industry. It needed to be explained to regulators, industry, users and internally 
   5. Actions I took
      1. Defined early on a maturity framework of how to define success (given key metrics were missing) . This also included outcome driven exit criteria and a base game plan
      2. Drive alignment across the industry to form a new W3C standards group PATCG (Private Advertising Technology Community Group). No such group that brought mobileOS & Browsers existed. We got three of the four big guys and a few big competitors to agree to use this group to make all future proposals. Ultimately Mozilla co-authored a proposal with us, which was a big win. 
      3. Spent a lot of time in educating people thru simple definition - blogs, videos, Industry PETS summit
      4. Continuous internal alignment on the long term vision, risks. Defined 2025 vision of privacy-ads and drove cross company alignment. 
      5. Gathered resources to work on project  
   6. Failures 
      1. Hiring 
         1. Failed to hire folks, since they would not be able to define impact. Required a different skill
      2. Not getting initial set of proposals out 
   7. Conflict 
      1. tbd
   8. People & Team
      1. tbd
   9. Learning
      1. tbd
2. Real world friend graph 
3. Cognitive network for infinera 
4. Startup story




Have you ever been in a situation where a key cross-functional partner (e.g., PM, design, analytics/data science) was missing or under-performing? How did you handle it?
Policy - Brad 


Evaluation: 
1. Empathy 
2. Lacking performance 
3. 

1. Blocker in deliverables 
2. I reached out to this guy and see the concerns 
3.