Confidential
Your self-review and feedback about you can be downloaded for personal use
but please use judgment and be mindful of any confidential projects that
may be mentioned.

Vikash Rungta
Product Manager @ Menlo Park, USA
2022

Page 1 of 5

Performance Review
Anjul Bahuguna • Product Manager
Submitted 2023-02-24

Summarize Vikash's results and impact. Be specific about performance relative to
goals and expectations. If Vikash is a people manager, refer to manager feedback and
manager behaviors as well.
Context
Vikash is an IC5 PM supporting Procedural Fairness/ Equality, a product area that is at
helm as far as derisking Meta’s Ad Revenue from upcoming AI regulations is concerned.
Since Feb 2022, Vikash has successfully progressed the direction of the Procedural
Fairness/Equality team from an unclear state with multiple red flags to a well-defined
product direction. He has consistently operated as a senior PM for the last 6-9 months,
going well beyond expectations that has changed the product team’s direction.
What is Vikash doing well?
• Embracing ambiguity and communicating effectively to align XFNs and Leads
“In 2022, our Equality workstreams made remarkable progress in the face of a number
of challenges (unique even amongst our various Ads Fairness workstreams). Vikash was
the number 1 driver of this success. Vikash, the quintessential "Happy Warrior"
relentlessly worked to move Equality's strategic objectives towards execution.”
“Vikash has been an amazing partner for me and our Eng team. He has helped bring a
lot of clarity to the equality track. We started this year off with a lot of open problems
but we closed the year with a solid strategy and plan to scalably address all the open
problems/fairness concerns. Vikash helped us in navigating this ambiguous space and
brought clarity for our future investments with right priorities and in a quantifiable
way to measure our overall progress.”
• Demonstrating ownership on execution, helping teams unblock on KRs
“When faced with substantive challenges like the concerns our outside counsel raised
about the initial version of CAFE, Vikash quickly assembled and led a core team of
engineers to develop alternatives to CAFE's technical structure.”
“Vikash stepped up beyond his conventional PM responsibilities whenever needed to
ensure that the team does not slow down or suffer from lack of clear direction.”
• Accepting feedback on Capacity axis and taking measures to improve on them
Impact in H2 2022
Strategy
• Expectation was to draft and align (with RAE leads) a “Long Term Strategy (3-5 years)

Page 2 of 5

for Procedural Fairness/ Equality”.
• He has delivered a well thought strategy (Core Fairness: Runway to 2024), reviewed
with RAE leads. He has also drafted and aligned on, mission, current/future state,
thematic roadmap (ref.), risk assessment, solution options and milestone based
execution plan for the product area.
• He has proposed/aligned product leads and PXFN on a completely new investment
area (CAFE) to de-risk $1.4B in annual revenue, that has been prioritized and planned
as a P0.1 goal for H1 ‘23
Execution:
• Expectation was to complete 100% of >P80 goals (total 2) and 50% of P50 goals
(total 6) in 2022 and initiate setting up of actionable metrics for the product area.
• He has accomplished the following
° actively completed 100% of >P80 and 50% of P50 goals set for the Equality team in
2022, and
° Identified clear and actionable metrics and goals that measure progress, in an
ambiguous area of procedural fairness
° Modeling Fairness: Relative ranking log calibration ratio, measures the calibration
gap among PC groups
° Labeling Fairness: Disparity in probability a user is represented, difference in
percentage of users with zero representation between PC groups
° Targeting Fairness. PDP & DCT
• PDP: Deviation from having same demographic breakdown pre & post-targeting
• DCT: Deviation from same inclusion rate across demographic at each eCVR
• He went beyond normal means to land MF and LF goals, converting them from P50
to high confidence and also delivered on additional scope (IA targeting risk) beyond
the product area while prioritizing ruthlessly.
• He has enforced product discipline in this highly complex area of AI fairness,
turned around the team from being “applied research” KRs to product focused
goals.
Additionally:
• Has kept RAE leadership well informed on the progress through SOTU and key
updates
• Supported PXFN process improvements for the Ads Fairness sub-pillar, prioritizing
overall PXFN request backlog
Capacity Highlights:
• Team Health
° Has helped EMs/XFNs build team morale, cohesiveness and managing talent within
the team through building visibility for team’s high quality work.
• XFN Collaboration

Page 3 of 5

° Engaged effectively with PXFNs, helping drive sub-pillar level priorities
° Go-to person on “Core Fairness” for RAI/Social Impact and Targeting teams.
• Org Contribution
° Hosted 10 PM IQA session providing interview guidance to hundreds of PM,
received 95% who were interviewing for Meta PM role, ~146 PMs ended up joining
Meta from this program and 95% PM’s found my content useful (IQA program
details, stats)
° Helped 10+ PMs to find teams (4 in R&P - 1 x IC7, 2x IC6, 1 x IC4), mentored 3 PMs.
° Evangelizing/ representing Fairness (Equity Summit, PETs) within and outside Meta
(e.g. Google, LinkedIn, AirBnB & Pinterest via Product Equity Summit, Mozilla for
PETs)
° Conducting RAE (pillar) level PM meet ups and bringing in speakers/ content

Summarize how Vikash can increase their impact and which skills they can develop or
improve this year. Describe what impact at the next level would look like, leveraging
scope and skills from Career Expectations for their role, in order to help them stretch
and grow this year. Consider topics such as what you expect Vikash to achieve,
strengths you want them to leverage, and areas where they can improve. See what
Scope and Skills look like for Vikash's level here.

What is Vikash expected to do better in H1 2023?
• Creating visibility of long term view of Equality work outside Meta, with
researchers and regulators
I would encourage him and the Equality team to create more visibility of the work that
we do within and outside of R&P
• Continue working on improving executive communication
A big focus for Vikash will be socializing these interventions with other groups such as
R&P Leads, CoreML, etc. to generate buy-in on the team's proposals as well. This will be
important for helping the team find the right path forward since there are pros and
cons to each approach, and generating this alignment will help unblock the team as
efficiently as possible.
• Developing a prioritization framework and evangelizing it with XFNs
As Vikash is driving initiatives, it is sometimes unclear as to why certain
items/documents are prioritized over others. He could provide more context to the
core team on the benefits/expected outcome for investing significant time in
documents and the tradeoffs that would need to be made by taking on the investment
(i.e. what would we be doing instead and why is this more important to invest time in).
• Developing efficiency in delivery through optimized engagement of capacity
Given that fairness is at the intersection of ML, policy, and legal, there will always be a
lot of focus on writing and reviewing those writeups. As we, the EM/PM/TPM/Uber TL

Page 4 of 5

leadership pod, become more and more familiar with the team's work, we should try to
take on such tasks more to free up the TL's and the Eng's time more. We, of course,
leverage them whenever appropriate.

2022 Year-end Ratings & Promos Calibration Notes
Rating
Exceeded Expectations

Page 5 of 5

