Confidential
Your self-review and feedback about you can be downloaded for personal use
but please use judgment and be mindful of any confidential projects that
may be mentioned.

Vikash Rungta
Product Manager @ Menlo Park, USA
2024

Page 1 of 4

Self Review
Vikash Rungta • Product Manager
Submitted 2025-01-08

What impact have you achieved in 2024? Include impact achieved, progress against
business goals, contributions to efficiency initiatives, and building internal community
.
I took several areas of Marketing-Messages (MM) and helped bring them from concept
to launch to support MM-Liquidity. Overall resulting in ~34% of MM-potential-revenue
(19.8% WCA, 11% finserv, 4% HEC) unblocked. Launched Reach-estimated-card
I also laid the foundation of much larger revenue unblock via building foundation of all
custom audiences targeting, identifying path forward for signal defense, identifying
broader regulated-vertical risks, initiating signals and measurement required for
onboarding quality & quality-flag for optimized delivery.
Ensured end to end Error/Warning system & Integrity for Marketing messages, without
which the entire MM system could not be launched. Mitigated the risk of $235M in
non-MM ads revenue loss through early analysis and mitigation of the D4 Hybrid model
I also contributed to bring AI/ML & GenAI understanding of ~1K PM’s by building
courses & events, while supporting hiring & mentoring goals.
Strategy
• WCA: Developed a strategy for a privacy-aware WCA targeting product, potentially
increasing liquidity by ~19.8% for common campaigns. Proposed expanding the
WCA platform to include all Custom Audiences (CA), including DFCA and MACA.
° Drove strategic direction, identified a privacy-aware architecture, and aligned
multiple teams towards launch.
• ABS: Developed a privacy-aware strategy to capture read, Delivered & Click signals
from businesses in Cloud API to OD system, enabling quality flags to be shared with
WhatsApp.
• Regulated Verticals: Identified and addressed regulatory risks for Marketing
Messages, including processes and direction for Finserv, HEC, Political Ads, and
CFPB risks, ensuring effective risk mitigation.
• Quality: Delivered a new Quality Signals/Measurement Proposal, enabling
measurement of different dimensions of quality. Developed a path to leverage
these signals to build optimized delivery controls.
• Integrity: Bootstrapped integrity understanding and identified potential integrity
and regulatory risks. Developed a mitigation strategy in collaboration with
cross-functional teams including Legal, Policy, and R&P.
Execution

Page 2 of 4

• WCA: (a) Launched & Validated end to end WCA feature as the first Targeting
product for MM, from concept to onboarded customers (MySkill). WCA takes up a
19.8% ads revenue share globally, and in a zoomed-in eligible markets and
retargeting use case scenario, its percentage is 46.5% across all campaign types. (H1
lookback). (b) Took over execution of Reach-estimated-card when this track was
blocking the WCA launch, resulting in unblocking all Targeting products
• Anonymized Business Signal (Read, Delivered): Improved the quality of the MM by
collecting message metadata signals from businesses, via generation of quality flag
for MM. Developed a privacy-aware strategy & product to capture signals from
businesses in Cloud API to OD system
• Brazil Signal Defense (Deep conversion, Clicks): Ensured Defense against
regulatory pressure for CTWA & MM for 1PD sharing. Identified the risk, mitigation
path forward, and got the lama approved ready for execution using DC & Clicks
• Regulated Verticals: (a) Unblocked launch of Finserv for MM-lite & Ads-manager for
India & Brazil, expected 11% of MM revenue for ads manager, and enabling
onboarding of banks for MM-lite, unblocking onboarding all banks. (b) Unblocked
onboarding of HEC customers (~4% of ads revenue) (c ) Raised awareness of overall
regulated-vertical
• Integrity : (a) Delivered end-to-end Error/Warning system for ads manager for
Marketing messages. (b) Mitigated the risk of $235M in non MM ads revenue loss
through early analysis and mitigation of the D4 Hybrid model in close collaboration
with multiple teams including SWE and EM (c ) Launched the support for legacy
experience which was impacted with action column rollback and threatened
breaking ads manager experience for all (d) Bootstrapped integrity understanding,
identified strategy, and delivered products mitigating policy and regulatory risks.
Collaborated with WABI, Integrity, Messenger, Ads, R&P Legal, and Policy teams
• Quality: In H1, Delivered a new Quality Signals/Measurement Proposal for MM,
enabling measurement of different dimensions of quality.
Organizational Contribution
• Upskilling : As part of PMx Launched a GenAI bootcamp training (373 PM’s signed
up), “High-level ML Concepts for PMs” course (415 enrollments), Hosted first
in-person AI/ML PM event (235 signups) and served as a recruitment ambassador.
Gave GenAI intro training to 100s of TPMs and 35 Hardware engineers.
• Recruitment : Acted as a recruitment ambassador, conducting introductory
conversations with new Meta recruits.
• Mentorship: Mentored PM (neerusharma, christinazheng) and provided interview
support for Shweta Goyal. Hiring support for 4PMs who joined Meta.
• Interview : Conducted many interviews and reverse shadow interview training.
Share 1-3 strengths (work you most enjoyed and excelled at). Use the Meta Skills or
expectations.
1. Strategic Thinking: Excels in identifying and building strategies to mitigate risks, as

Page 3 of 4

seen in the Integrity and Regulated Verticals projects. Enjoys driving clarity and
strategic direction for complex projects.
2. Cross-functional Collaboration: Skilled at working with cross-org teams to achieve
project goals, evident in projects involving WABI, Integrity, Messenger, Ads, R&P
Legal, and Policy. Enjoys facilitating alignment and collaboration.
3. Mentorship & Knowledge Sharing: Passionate about mentoring and upskilling
colleagues, as demonstrated by mentoring PMs and launching the ML Concepts
course for PMs.
What are 1-2 areas you are intentionally working on to grow or improve? Use the Meta
Skills or expectations.
Improving Operating Cadence: Aiming to establish a better operating cadence to
manage multiple projects efficiently, ensuring smooth execution and timely delivery.

Page 4 of 4

