Confidential
Your self-review and feedback about you can be downloaded for personal use
but please use judgment and be mindful of any confidential projects that
may be mentioned.

Vikash Rungta
Product Manager @ Menlo Park, USA
H2 2020

Page 1 of 4

Performance Review
Arman Ozgun • Product Manager
Submitted 2021-03-05

Summarize Vikash's results and impact. Be specific about performance relative to
goals and expectations. If Vikash is a people manager, please refer to the manager
behaviors.
Impact
• The team met 4 out of 5 critical address books, devices and contact points goals last
half, exceeding address books upload goal.
• You helped launch strategic initiatives critical for the org. NDX address book
acquisition on FB Lite and FB for Android achieved 30% CTR, 2-3M high value
friending. Your support was critical for the definition and execution of device based
computing, launching an initial experiment for SIM API/ME contact.
• You defined the first two year strategy for Address Books. This was an unplanned
activity last half. You contributed with bold ideas such as expanding address books
to businesses use cases, acquiring address books from alternative sources like Web
based address books (gmail, outlook etc) to mitigate signal loss from phones.
In addition to driving H2 roadmap execution and H1 planning, Vikash owns the
two-year strategic vision for both address books and devices. To that end he
delivered a true vision, of using our data sets to improve people's lives in a way that
they can clearly see, and of our platform team taking end-to-end ownership of the
specific things we do best.
• You helped the company with 2 D&I recruitment events, mentored 5PMs, started
and led a PM circle with 9 PMs.
Summarize how Vikash can increase his impact. Be specific about performance
relative to goals and expectations. If Vikash is a people manager, please refer to the
manager behaviors. Some areas to consider:
•
•
•
•

What you'd like Vikash to achieve
Specific strengths you want him to leverage
Areas where Vikash can improve
New experiences you'd like him to gain

Key Strengths
• You are not afraid to take risks and aspire your team to explore bold ideas. This
particular strength became important when developing strategies to mitigate the
signal loss impact and forming initial strategy for new initiatives.

Page 2 of 4

Vikash is a bold thinker and he has been searching for new areas for the team to
expand into by reading a lot of materials and talking to people far from our team. He
has brought fresh ideas and new insights into the team, such as business address
book idea in his 2 year vision slides.
• Address books and devices have demanding and complex privacy initiatives. You
were able to unblock your team and handle the privacy complexity and capacity
effectively.
Vikash led highly efficient, organized meetings with a large number of PXFN
stakeholders, overseeing the coverage of anywhere from 5-10 thorny privacy topics
per meeting. His work in this area makes him one of my strongest and most
effective PMs.
Vikash developed an efficient process for tackling: (1) privacy by design-- namely,
floating product team proposals through PXFN syncs in order to get a gut-check as
to how privacy would receive the proposal once submitted, which gave PXFN the
ability to issue-spot and rectify privacy issues;
Growth Areas
• Vikash needs to provide better practices and processes for execution. The day to
day requirements to make the team more effective and efficient were not met:
Running meetings more productive with pre-reads and clear call to actions, making
sure follow up items are closed, creating better processes to track and
communicate progress, shielding team members from internal and external
unplanned asks.
Vikash does not provide clear documentation... notes on discussions ... followup
items after meetings. Further, due to no followups work is often dropped.
• Vikash had an increased scope last half that required him to prioritize his time and
commitments per area. He could have proactively communicated the prioritization
to the rest of the team to better manage expectations.
• Vikash creates big ideas and aspirations. He encourages team to explore the work
that is most likely to be transformative. Vikash could improve his impact by
converting ideas to actionable plans to help team execute.
I've noticed a few cases where the his ideas led to sync meetings but it never went
further than that, and action items were not followed up. So I am under the
impression that things often lose traction after people's initial investment, such as
business address book. Without conclusions or clear next steps, it's hard to
prioritize and convince people to work on it. I believe this has caused some
frustration and a little bit of trust issue between Vikash and the team.

Page 3 of 4

H2 2020 Calibration Notes
Rating
Met Most Expectations

Page 4 of 4

