Confidential
Your self-review and feedback about you can be downloaded for personal use
but please use judgment and be mindful of any confidential projects that
may be mentioned.

Vikash Rungta
Product Manager @ Menlo Park, USA
2023

Page 1 of 4

Performance Review
Milad Moh • Product Manager
Submitted 2024-03-10

Highlight Vikash's results and impact for the year relative to goals and expectations.
Since mid-year feedback has been shared, please reflect on impact since mid-year and
overall results for the year. Include contributions to efficiency initiatives and to
building internal community.
Vikash, congrats for a great 2023, you’ve Exceeded IC6 PM expectations. You supported
the core fairness team and In addition to your original scope, your created the
expansion strategy for VRS to protect an additional 0.2% iRev and supported VRS
execution, and quarterly reporting to HUD/DoJ and achieved 100% of team goals,
including 20-80 goals.
Impact:
Strategy
• You created the strategy to mitigate targeting fairness risks to protect up to 0.4%
iRev and proposed TAFE (Targeting Fairness Enhancements) as the solution. Aligned
the proposal to a dynamic regulatory environment (e.g. CFPB investigation), and
Creating strong R&P and PXFN alignment to fund the product. The strategy has
stood the test of time.
• You took additional scope to create the VRS expansion plan and aligned it with
legal and policy stakeholders. When inheriting the scope, there was extreme
ambiguity about VRS post original launch. During planning, you also pressure
tested policy and legal risks and aligned our PXFN partners with a more
conservative approach to reduce the negative revenue impact of VRS expansion.
• You also helped identify new opportunities for team like potential investments in
unblocking regulatory sensitive verticals for Ads Gen AI products.
• Within the first two months of joining marketing messages you improved the
overall Quality Strategy for marketing messages and materially improved the
team’s output with your insights.
Execution

Page 2 of 4

• You consistently delivered 100% of team goals, including 20-80 goals like launching
TAFE alpha in H1 and beta in H2.
• The 20-80 goals were particularly challenging because they required last minute
unblocking and escalations to evaluate the launch vs current legal land escape.
• You also Proved out TAFE doesn't have negative iRev impact, vs the original
expectation that it would have up to 0.1% negative iRev, by launching a BQRT test
and employee dogfooding program.
• You took double the original scope to support VRS, and met 100% of new goals. You
took over after prior lack of support and our HUD settlement quarterly reports
could have been at risk. You helped turn the page:
° Win back 0.036% VRS (20-80 goal) via product and ranking improvements.
° Deliver quarterly HUD/DoJ VRS reports to maintain our settlement and protect 1%
iRev.
° Expand VRS to Credit and Employment in the US and Housing and Employment in
Canada to protect 1% iRev. in 4 months vs original expectation of 6 months.

Highlight 1-3 strengths Vikash demonstrated. Use the Meta Skills or Levels &
Expectations to help you describe strengths.
Strengths to double down on
• Execution: You have very strong execution skills, specially working cross org,
complex and ambiguous projects.
• Collaboration: You’re a great collaborator and you can reliably product initiatives
through complex PXFN partners.
• Trust with eng: Your end partners in particular built strong trust with you and did
trust the direction and execution support you provided for their teams. It manifests
itself in the strong peer reviews you’ve received.
Summarize how Vikash can increase their impact and which skills they can develop or
improve this year. Use the Meta Skills or Levels & Expectations to help you describe
development or improvement areas.
Vikash, I am incredibly excited to what you can achieve in 2024, here are some
suggestions that hopefully will help you grow further:
• Expand the depth of your impact : In 2023, you did very well particularly because
there were new opportunities that opened up due to PMs leaving the team. Such
opportunities may not happen consistently and to continue growing your career,

Page 3 of 4

you may need to go deeper into your existing scope and expand the impact of it. E.g.
in 2023, you could explore how to move TAFE even faster, launch faster and create
stronger alignments with PXFN.
What new experiences and/or career goals could Vikash start, explore or learn about?
Consider their strengths, growth areas and interests.
[not answered]

2023 Mid-year Process Calibration Notes
Performance Signal
At Or Above Expectations

2023 Year-end Ratings & Promos Calibration Notes
Rating
Exceeded Expectations

Page 4 of 4

