Confidential
Your self-review and feedback about you can be downloaded for personal use
but please use judgment and be mindful of any confidential projects that
may be mentioned.

Vikash Rungta
Product Manager @ Menlo Park, USA
2023

Page 1 of 3

Performance Review
Anjul Bahuguna • Product Manager
Submitted 2023-08-11

Rationale for the performance signal Vikash received.
1. Strategy. Trending at or above expectations in H1 2023, successfully drove strategic
initiatives like LOV/ TAFE to address business and regulatory concerns for Meta Ads.
Helped deprioritize LOV based on updated risk evaluation.
2. Execution. Trending at or above expectations on Execution for H1 2023 by meeting
expectations on KRs for H1 2023 and did a great job in removing roadblocks for the
team with little or no managerial support.
3. Capacity. Trending at or above expectations by being a great facilitator for the team
during roadmap planning and bi-weekly HPMs. Helped organize RAE PM meetings
and supported Meta hosted startup camp.
How is Vikash's impact tracking relative to their role and level so far this year?
Include impact achieved, progress against business goals, and contributions to
building internal community as part of the impact assessment.
1. Strategy. Tracking at expectations in H1 ‘23, for an IC6 PM role. Overall, Vikash has
demonstrated that he can develop clarity for the long term and align team’s
mission/vision with Meta’s business interests and speed at which new
information/guidelines can be absorbed for ruthless prioritization.
2. Execution. Tracking above expectations on Execution for H1 2023, for an IC6 PM role.
The team completed their KRs, many of which were p50/ exploratory and even with
lack/loss of XFN (DS/TPM) capacity. Vikash stepped up to fill in the gaps, ensuring
delivery.
How well is Vikash exhibiting behaviors that are expected for their role and level?
1. Scope. Has demonstrated an ability to set up a long term vision and handle
ambiguity independently.
2. Oversight. Drives progress and resolves project-level challenges with limited or no
managerial support.
3. Leadership. Has demonstrated an ability to build consensus and drive inclusion,
specially for long term and ambiguous problem areas.
4. Coordination. Is able to engage with XFns/PXFNs proactively to drive product
success.

Page 2 of 3

5. Broader Impact. Has independently identified areas of broader impact to include
organizing RAE PM meetings, offsites, mentoring PMs and PM interviews.
Next steps on how Vikash can increase their impact and which skills they can develop
or improve this year.
Vikash has been doing a great job as a PM, and can focus on the following in H2 ‘23 to
increase his impact.
1. Connect the dots and help the product/XFN team better understand the
relationship betweenKRs and strategic goals
2. Partner with Eng/XFN and create a resilient product strategy for overall CF in H2 ‘23
3. Demonstrate stronger hold on executive leadership communication, both verbal
and written
4. Improve on velocity of decision making and escalations.

2023 Mid-year Process Calibration Notes
Performance Signal
At Or Above Expectations

2023 Year-end Ratings & Promos Calibration Notes
Rating
Exceeded Expectations

Page 3 of 3

