Confidential
Your self-review and feedback about you can be downloaded for personal use
but please use judgment and be mindful of any confidential projects that
may be mentioned.

Vikash Rungta
Product Manager @ Menlo Park, USA
H2 2019

Page 1 of 5

Performance Review
Larry Weyer • Director, Product Management
Submitted 2020-02-21

Summarize Vikash's results and impact. Be specific about performance relative to
goals and expectations. If Vikash is a people manager, please refer to the manager
behaviors.
Vikash earned a MEETS ALL rating
1. Background
i. Role: PM for Identity Platform / Signal
ii. Time in role: 4 months
2. Assessment
a. Impact [Execution: Meets All; Strategy: Meets Most]
1. Execute on the H2 2019 roadmap and define the H1 2020 roadmap [Execution:
Meets All, Strategy: Meets Most]
a. Met 100% of goals (in the face of headwinds)
b. Established trust with the Eng and XFN partners.
2. Drove the IC-level agreement to own Contacts infra (CCU, Phone # settings) for
Messenger Lightspeed (didn’t ship CCU externally yet due to partnership issues)
[Execution: Meets Most, Strategy: Meets Most]
a. Established alignment with IC level stakeholders but not leadership
(specifically, Messenger Growth Circle). Without leadership buy-in, there is lack of
extreme clarity of ownership which can affect execution
3. Reduce privacy risk (migrated FB-CP & IG-CP to purpose aware framework,
working team agreement on source of truth for non-ads device ownership w/ Ads,
created a mechanism designed to prevent use of address book data) [Execution:
Meets All, Strategy: Meets Most]
a. WRT to Address book use enforcement, the intent to create use enforcement
for address book data was right, but without approval on the design from Privacy
Org / CPPC - the “kill switch” the team created won't be a viable option.
4. Delivered synchronous deletion for Messenger and Facebook Address Book
contacts via the Managed Contacts page [Execution: Meets All, Strategy: Meets All]
5. Delivered Q3 & Q4 Family Accounting dependencies releases via our Facebook
and Instagram Contact Point Ownership work [Execution: Meets All, Strategy:
Meets All]
b. Capacity Building [Meets All]

Page 2 of 5

1. Interviewing for PM Community: Not applicable (within first 6 months)
2. Improved team morale by streamlining processes, organizing team events /
swag (great jackets)
Summarize how Vikash can increase his impact. Be specific about performance
relative to goals and expectations. If Vikash is a people manager, please refer to the
manager behaviors. Some areas to consider:
•
•
•
•

What you'd like Vikash to achieve
Specific strengths you want him to leverage
Areas where Vikash can improve
New experiences you'd like him to gain

1. Maximize your STRENGTHS
1. Execution / Empower people to execute on their priorities [included in
self-review]
a. From Robert: Pushed the team to understand the purpose / value of all of our
work.
b. From Daniel: “The change of process in team meetings definitely is a step up.
It's more balanced among all pillars of Signals team, it's more concise and effective”
c. From Matt: “Pillar leads unanimously agreed that our execution significantly
improved over the half, partly because Vikash systematically tied everything
people worked in within every project to the big picture of what we actually want
to achieve”
d. From Matt: “Vikash helped the entire team understand why our collective
work is so valuable and led everyone to focus on what would help us deliver on our
promises rather than work whose value proposition was unclear.
e. From Sateesh (paraphrase): Super power is his execution - ability to produce
work quickly at the right speed, quality and prioritization
2. Capacity Building / Relationship Building
a. From Sateesh (paraphrase): quickly ramped in his area and earned the trust
of everyone around him. Both of the above are hard to do in such a short times
b. From Jessica: “Vikash actively talks to external teams such as the videos and
events team to seek new opportunities for the team
c. From Daniel (paraphrased): Maintains a good relationship with folks across
the team
d. From Daniel (paraphrased): Vikash would be a great sales guy. Despite being
new to the company, he got to know a lot of XFN people and he helped drive
adoptions
3. Capacity Building / Team Health
a. From Matt: “he is one of the most empathetic PMs I've seen at Facebook. By

Page 3 of 5

demonstrating care for every team member's well-being, he has lifted morale”
b. From Robert: “Established a closer team”
c. From Robert: “Vikash encouraged our team off-sites, swag and more human
level interaction via the "Wassup" section of our weekly meeting. He received
positive feedback from the team on the changes”
2. Areas for development
1. Strategy / Framing
a. Define the narrative that clearly and concisely tells the story
b. Recent example: When defining the options for Messenger Light speed CCU,
Vikash should strive to define a clear statement of the decision required, the MECE
set of options to meet the decision, criteria for evaluation, and the end-to-end
process for feedback collection and decision-ing.
2. Strategy / Vision
a. The team wants to hear the vision (and associated plan) for how the
“components of signals” (address book, device ID, inferred contacts, declared
contacts) all fit together.
b. Vikash has worked on re-setting the vision. He should drive that to
completion .... which would include a review with CPPC and key stakeholders (ex.
Growth Circle)
3. Drive alignment at the Leadership level (not just IC)
a. As outlined in the recap of the Messenger contacts infra and Address book
use enforcement work, Vikash should strive for Leadership alignment, not just
IC-level commitment. Examples of projects that require such alignment: 1. Signal
coverage goals for Messenger, IG and EVEN Facebook growth; 2. Ownership of
Messenger Contacts / CCU functionality with Messenger Growth Circle; 3. Address
book use enforcement protection with Privacy Org.
b. From Robert: “Our team needs to improve our privacy XFN process.“
4. Delivery of team’s progress and accomplishments via HPMs
a. Vikash should define a process that enables him to consistently deliver the
team's HPM.
b. It is my observation that Vikash efficiently collects the information but gets
stuck on summarization and up-leveling to a non-Signals audience.
5. Prioritization
a. Signals has a broad scope (address books, declared contacts, inferred
contacts, device ID's across FB (and other apps in the future). While the ENG team is
large (15), Vikash should align investment with the stated top level team goals
(which for H1 2020 are FB+M address book, phone coverage as well as FB Inferred
phone SLA meet rate)
b. From Matt: “Vikash dreams big, which is good! But what he wants Signals to
be exceeds what Signals realistically can be (at least in my opinion), which means a
more ruthless prioritization is necessary even for the long-term strategy”

Page 4 of 5

6. Capacity Building / PM Community / Interviewing
a. After 6 months as a PM, Vikash should get calibrated on PM interviewing.
After which point, he should meet the guidance of 2 interviews per week, 1 batch
day per quarter

H2 2019 Calibration Notes
Rating
Consistently Met Expectations

Page 5 of 5

